this video is 42,000 won national trade
winds bottle number 73 73 just want to
show around the outside if this unit is
an exceptional condition it's got slide
topper awnings
it also has window awnings it's just a
very clean looking unit it's got a nice
shine on the exterior walk into the
inside the first thing that you notice
has a very clean interior just very nice
for the year it's a 2001 it's not
perfect but just extremely nice if you
notice this seat is a good three feet
across
definitely nice and wide really spacious
very comfortable the leather is
extremely soft this unit has a 330 cat
sitting on a Freightliner chassis it's
great woodwork on the inside there's no
SMO smoke odors no pet odors very nice
that is a hide-a-bed sofa across from
that you've got a nice recliner this
chair does turn around so that you've
got two chairs that will face each other
if you wanna play some cards or
something there's also a little desk
here if you want to put up a laptop
there great idea solid surface
countertops this does have a booth
dinette day/night shades all the way
throughout got a convection microwave
three burner cooktop stove 12 cubic foot
refrigerator with an ice maker
towards the back here and you know the
other thing that you notice it's got all
tiled floors very nice come back here
you've got a washer/dryer combo got a
huge shower just a very nice shower
there is a tub in the bottom a lot of
lot of units they don't have the little
tubs in the bottom it's kind of nice if
you have kids over maybe you want to
wash a dog or something to that effect
he has a separated toilet there's a
fantastic fan in there this also has
pocket doors very nice pocket doors here
no cheap stuff on this one come in the
back there's also again another pocket
door separation is very nice in this
coach it's got a queen-size bed it's got
the the second slide on this unit is
actually the closet here so it's got a
nice big closet very clean all the way
through so if there's any questions on
this unit please give me a call my phone
number is eight eight eight three one
zero seven seven four four my name is
Mike seconds my email address is Mike at
G t-- w RV comm my website is
www.miamikettlebell.com